Nini, from the first time I met you
When you smiled and called me Brother Muchen
I swear to myself
I must marry you and I will make you happy.
Brother Muchen
I miss you so much, will you be my wife?
Why are you here?
No more consumption.
Mr. Gu, don't mess around
What's wrong with him?
Mr. Gu is going to the operating room at night
The doctor's comprehensive discipline of drinking water and operating is very clear
Apparently, he left something behind
Let me give him the perspective of the deceased
But I
Lin Xiaolin, do you need to know in advance?
Mr. Gu has signed a cooperation
When is the surgery?
An hour later
At the First Hospital
Brother Muchen, I'm sorry.
That's okay.
Go ahead.
Master, hurry up
Desperately, you must wait for me